MVP:
1. (Complete) Configuration of component - Version, Drop-in, Card, etc...
2. (Complete) Configuration of intial call (session, paymentMethods)
3. (Complete) Payment Method configuration JSON object passthrough
4. (Complete) CSS override box
5. (Complete) "API Explorer" box - API Call and component configuration

Complete:
1. (complete) Add style component to EditorBar
2. (complete)Add state component to EditorBar
3. (complete) Fix redirect bug 
6. (Complete) Clean up backend (ie remove unused code)
7. (Complete) Update steps documentation.
11.(Complete: note to be combined with 17) Add default values or config, and explain potential errors if you misconfigure.
13.(complete) There is a bug when you double click a tab it will set the txvariant as undefined
14.(complete) Hook onto Adyen xhr call and log them under APIs with response code and dropdown to inspect the logs
16.(complete) We are sending another session request each time we modify the css. 
18.(complete) Bug introduced that doesnt display the error component
19.(complete) Add button to reset config, alongside button to edit 
20.(complete)  Merge useApi hook
7. (Complete) Update steps documentation.
24. (Complete) Fix reset button functionality
29.(Complete)  Update landing page
9. (Complete) Update home page to include relevant and specific documentation. For example, summarize steps
25. (Complete) Change the color of the editor background when user clicks on the lock icon
22. (Complete) Move clearOnDeck from sidebar
29. (Complete) Add txvariant on sessions page
27. (Complete) Bug when you add environment
23. (Complete) Add 404 page
21.(complete) Add number type options input
5. (Complete) Add Global Error component
4. (Complete) Add loading component
29. (Complete) GCash bug => redirect to gcash, come back, then choose another txvariant on left hand panel
33. (Complete) Add transitions to component and RedirectComponent
37. (Complete) Add message when you click the lock icon, that warns that the fields can be directed edited.
38. (Complete) Add message when you click reset on editorbar.

Open Items:
17. Add default values or config, and explain potential errors if you misconfigure.. The country should be a select component like in checkout create to avoid issue where there is no payment method, same with currency
26. Add floating button that scrolls to the parameters section
28. Refactor CSS
31. Validate the data in sessions matches api explorer, and review local and checkout docs.
32. Fix bug where the state logs on the redirect are the css objects
34. Ensure it is responsive
35. Update review tab with links
36. Fix bug where after redirect > back step > review page, the redirect component is mounted instead of component

Nice to haves:
10. Create tests for QA